# What is Warp
For a while, I have picked iTerm2 as my terminal of choice (being free and open source, and super easy to use); However, as the stuff we do in our terminals expands, it can get hard to manage all the commands, and know what to type when. That's where Warp comes in, or at least is supposed to do. It makes a few key changes to the terminal experience from the traditional terminal, like iTerm2.
## What is so special about Warp
Warp is obviously a very complicated program, so I'm not going to talk about everything special about it, but I will talk about 2 important differences.
### Blocks
When you execute a command in Warp, it is automatically put into its own little block. The output is then also put there. This visual separation in the terminal can really help interpret long command outputs. In addition, you can perform actions on blocks, like copying it, or sharing it.
### AI
AI, the hot buzzword on the internet right now, and, of course, Warp utilizes it, no, is built on, for worse or for better. There are a few AI-based features in Warp that build up the core Warp AI product. The one I actually think is the most innovative is the Natural Language Input/Agent Mode. While typing a command in the terminal, you can just start typing in normal English text, and the terminal will automatically recognize you are writing to it and send your text to an AI. This will respond right within the terminal and find a way to accomplish your task. It will then, with your permission, execute as many commands it needs, taking in the input of the previous commands, to accomplish the task. This can be super helpful to execute complicated tasks. I think this is awesome! 🚀
# So, Should you try Warp
My Answer, definitely yes. Should you keep using it after that, that is up to you. I am sort of wary about the fact to even use the app, you need an account, and how they are sort of in the way getting you to upgrade to the premium plan. However, there is no ignoring all the innovative (for the better or worse) features Warp brings to the table, way more than I covered here! Many people love it, and many hate it. Whichever terminal you end up with, you should definitely give it a try!
